Allow me to present my work of art. This sophisticated library project is extensively detailed. Fear not, as despite it's multiple hundreds of lines of code written 
fortunately on a computer all have at least a explanation of what it does, and feel free to look at some annotations I added showing where I've learned things, as I haveleft some notes for my future self to avoid repeating some mistakes. The testing methods have finally paid off, showing me flaws I hadn't seen despite my muiltiple tests done manually in my Main, now main only contains mere traces of what happened. This library offers 3 different types of level of users as well as 3 different types of items to borrow. This project is possible to implement in an actual school with some minor adjustments and heavy cyber security improvements. That said, the admin is powerful, capable of generating real time data on the current state of every item in the library and how many users have access to the library. The advanced borrowing method, allows for a refined search of the book but fear not as if it is unavailable, the software will go look for an alternative. The return method has numerous checks that make sure no unexpected event occurs. The utilities class is very detailed using many methods to allow cleaner comprehension of what everthing does and works in expected ways(finally). Although I didn't choose to add the optional constants, I did end up having 1 mistake because I used the wrong path, guess I learned my lesson. 
